K8s ZooKeeper - Add dynamic storageClass provisioning (#1009)
GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy: k8s/zookeeper/README.md

export NAMESPACE=default
```

For the persistent disk provisioning of the ZooKeeper application StatefulSet, you will need to:

 * Set the StorageClass name. Check your available options using the command below:
   * ```kubectl get storageclass```
   * Or check how to create a new StorageClass in [Kubernetes Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/#the-storageclass-resource)

>  * Set the persistent disk's size. The default disk size is "8Gi for Drupal and 5Gi for MariaDB".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Set the persistent disk's size. The default disk size is 10Gi for ZooKeeper.
```
